README.md, before:

# File-Uploader

Set-and-forget community file uploading service. Deploy at your url, and let others upload and download files.

This is a [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/) project bootstrapped with `create-t3-app`.

## Technologies

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [Drizzle](https://orm.drizzle.team)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/)

### Components

Most of the components in src/components/ui are from [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/).

But the audio player is from [eleven labs ui](https://ui.elevenlabs.io/docs/components/audio-player).

I don't remember where the file dropzone and typewriter are from.

### Architecture

PostreSQL DB stores file and folder metadata, while the files are stored server-side. 

The backend is Next.js API routes and Server Actions. The API routes are for handling uploads and downloads, and the server actions are for CRUD operations on DB.

## How do I deploy this?

Follow our deployment guides for [Vercel](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/vercel), [Netlify](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/netlify) and [Docker](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/docker) for more information.

Commit message:

docs: update source of file dropzone and typewriter effect

README.md, after:

# File-Uploader

Set-and-forget community file uploading service. Deploy at your url, and let others upload and download files.

This is a [T3 Stack](https://create.t3.gg/) project bootstrapped with `create-t3-app`.

## Technologies

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [Drizzle](https://orm.drizzle.team)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/)

### Components

Most of the components in src/components/ui are from [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/).

But the audio player is from [eleven labs ui](https://ui.elevenlabs.io/docs/components/audio-player).

The file dropzone is from [Base UI](https://www.diceui.com/docs/components/file-upload).

The typewriter effect is from the [typewriter-effect](https://www.npmjs.com/package/typewriter-effect) package.

### Architecture

PostreSQL DB stores file and folder metadata, while the files are stored server-side. 

The backend is Next.js API routes and Server Actions. The API routes are for handling uploads and downloads, and the server actions are for CRUD operations on DB.

## How do I deploy this?

Follow our deployment guides for [Vercel](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/vercel), [Netlify](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/netlify) and [Docker](https://create.t3.gg/en/deployment/docker) for more information.
